README.md, before:

# vmnh-wild-about-cats

This repository contains the development files for the application Wild About Cats, 
an animal identification game testing your ability to identify cats captured in camera trap images

## About Wild About Cats

### Wild About Cats

*How well do you know the animals in the mountains of China?*

Under the umbrella is a game for exploring camera trap photographs of animals from the mountains of China, including the giant panda. Users are tested on their ability to correctly identify animals pictured in five camera trap photos. Three animal names are provided and the user must select the one corresponding to the animal in the photo.

This application is built with Vue 2.6.10 using @vue/cli 3.7.0

### Data and data sources

The data for this application consists of images obtained from the [eMammal photo archive](https://emammal.si.edu/favorite-photos) and a .csv file containing corresponding metadata for each image compiled by staff at the Virginia Museum of Natural History. This data is located within the assets folder: `src > assets` – images are .jpg files located in the folder `images` and metadata is in the file `imageData.csv`.

## Project setup
```
npm install
```

### Compiles and hot-reloads for development
```
npm run serve
```

### Compiles and minifies for production
```
npm run build
```

### Lints and fixes files
```
npm run lint
```

Commit message:

removed old assets and copy, modified to allow protrait aspect reference images

README.md, after:

# vmnh-wild-about-cats

This repository contains the development files for the application Wild About Cats

## About Wild About Cats

### Wild About Cats

*How well do you know the animals in the mountains of China?*

Wild About Cats is a game for exploring camera trap photographs of wild and domestic cats from around the world. Users are tested on their ability to correctly identify animals pictured in five camera trap photos. Three animal names are provided and the user must select the one corresponding to the animal in the photo.

This application is built with Vue 2.6.10 using @vue/cli 3.7.0

### Data and data sources

The data for this application consists of images obtained from the [eMammal photo archive](https://emammal.si.edu/favorite-photos) and a .csv file containing corresponding metadata for each image compiled by staff at the Virginia Museum of Natural History. This data is located within the assets folder: `src > assets` – images are .jpg files located in the folder `images` and `images/reference` and metadata is in the file `imageData.csv` and `referenceImageData.csv`.

## Project setup
```
npm install
```

### Compiles and hot-reloads for development
```
npm run serve
```

### Compiles and minifies for production
```
npm run build
```

### Lints and fixes files
```
npm run lint
```
